.\"
.\" ippevesubmit man page.
.\"
.\" Copyright © 2019 by the IEEE-ISTO Printer Working Group.
.\" Copyright © 2019 by Apple Inc.
.\"
.\" Licensed under Apache License v2.0.  See the file "LICENSE" for more
.\" information.
.\"
.TH ippevesubmit 1 "IPP Everywhere Tools" "2019-06-27" "ISTO-PWG"
.SH NAME
ippevesubmit \- prepare a submission for self-certification results.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ippevesubmit
[
.B \-\-help
]
.br
.B ippevesubmit
[
.B \-m
.I models.txt
] [
.B \-o
.I filename.json
] [
.B \-p
.I "product family"
] [
.B \-s
] [
.B \-t
.I {printer|server}
] [
.B \-u
.I URL
] [
.B \-y
] "Printer Name"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ippevesubmit
validates the results from the IPP Everywhere\*(Tm Printer Self-Certification Tools and generates a JSON file suitable for submission to the IEEE-ISTO Printer Working Group.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are recognized by
.B ippevesubmit:
.TP 5
.B \-\-help
Shows program help.
.TP 5
\fB\-m \fImodels.txt\fR
Specifies a file containing a list of printer models, one per line, that are being submitted for certification.
.TP 5
\fB\-o \fIfilename.json\fR
Specifies a JSON output file.
If not specified, the JSON file is sent to a file named 'printer name.json'.
.TP 5
\fB\-p "\fIproduct family\fB"\fR
Specifies the product family for the models being submitted.
If not specified,
.B ippevesubmit
will ask for the family name.
.TP 5
.B \-t printer
Specifies that the submission is for a standalone printer.
.TP 5
.B \-t server
Specifies that the submission is for a print server product and not a standalone printer.
.TP 5
\fB\-u \fIURL\fR
Specifies a product web page for the models being submitted.
If not specified,
.B ippevesubmit
will ask for the web page URL.
.B \-y
Specifies that the submitter used the tools from the PWG web site, has production-ready firmware on the printer or production-ready software on the print server, and that all output printed correctly.
If not specified,
.B ippevesubmit
will ask the user to confirm each of these things.
.SH SEE ALSO
PWG Internet Printing Protocol Workgroup (http://www.pwg.org/ipp)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \[co] 2019 by the IEEE-ISTO Printer Working Group.
Copyright \[co] 2019 by Apple Inc.
